So, before we started with Celeste
refactoring, we're looking at gradually
in the beginning, I said there was like,
two kind of issues like one that we could
theoretically implement a reducer to
kind of solve some performance issues.
Also just it's a nice simple way to
see a reducer kind of in isolation.
We'll see some more complicated
examples in a little bit.
The other part was that we had a past that
toggle forgiveness all the way through
the grudges plural component, right and
even though it wasn't using it,
now in this example it's not that bad,
right?
And arguably, I would say,
if the example was the size and
one thing I want to point out is like,
while this application seems small, right
in the way that like React works like
there's a version of this inside even
a bigger application, right like there
are usually like small versions of these
like vignettes in a larger application.
But as an application grows and
the dependencies kind
of are meaningful across the application,
it becomes a little bit trickier.
So this is kind of the problem
that we're trying to solve.
And so prop drilling is this idea that
we have to go from parent to a child,
to its child to its child to the component
that actually needs a function or
a piece of data.
And when you have deep component trees,
this becomes an issue, right?
This is the component tree
of our previous application.
It's not that bad.
The idea that we have to go through
grudges plural is not terrible.
But if we had a application that maybe
was like a common board where, all right,
we've got boards and
those boards have lists, and
those lists have cards,
and so on and so forth.
And there's users, and so a drop down for
assigning one needs to know
about the user sidebar.
Right, it can get, even in this example,
already increasingly complicated.
And now if we want to move something
from the sidebar to the main page,
we've got to rethread those
props all the way through.
It becomes somewhat problematic just for
maintainability.
Right, as the application goes.
Yeah, this, no need to commit this
to memory if it stresses you out,
its sole purpose is to stress you out.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's mostly to look like a lot of
things on this screen, right?
And what we wanna do is to be
able to skip a lot of that, and
like say hey, I want to have
the availability of any of the state or
data anywhere in this tree and
they can hook into it.
Now, prior to
the Context API getting released
about a year and a half ago or so.
There was a legacy Context API and
if you went to the documentation,
it was like, hey, don't use this, right?
And the reason it was don't use
this cuz the API was not stable.
Right there.
We don't know how this is gonna change,
and
if you rely on it then bad things
could happen if we break it.
And there were libraries that used it,
like React Redux used it, right.
And the argument there, which is well
if you relied on that library and
React made the change, the library could
make a change and you would be okay.
But if you did it bespoke in your own
application it was a little trickier.
Right?
You were kind of on your own if
the API changed.
So if you wanted to skip
this prop drilling problem,
what you had to do is effectively look at
a library like MobX+React or React Redux.
And basically opt into this whole other
paradigm of matching state, right?
And there was all sorts of really
tricky things you could do with
hierarchy components and render props, to
try to make it work and like in a previous
version of the course, that's what
we did cuz none of this existed yet.
But recently there is now a kind of public
context API that you can just use that
allows you in the same way Hoax gave us
reducer patterns out of the box, right?
We get a lot of this kind of for
free built into the library.
And so the context API allows you to
solve the prop drilling without having to
immediately reach for a tool like Redux or
Mob x or something along those lines.
There's still a bunch of really valid
reasons why you might want to, but
the fact that you do not need to and it's
a choice that you don't immediately have
to make that jump,
I think is really important.
Yeah.
>> So my question had to do
with what you just said.
When would be a point,
like in your experience,
if you'd like about large scale enterprise
applications that you would actually
feel the pain think now I have to
move to a mob back solution or Redux.
>> Yeah.
So like,
I think I said this a little
bit before with the reducers.
It's like to say that's like 80% or
whatever,
some percentage of what you get
from Redux is probably true, right.
And so, for instance, like Redux out
of the box supports middleware, right.
You just plug in multiple middleware,
no big deal.
Use reducer does not right.
Like Redux also gives
you combine reducers and
a whole bunch of other helper functions.
Use reducer does not right now if you
don't need those it's a wash, right, like,
why would you pull in a library?
At Twilio we have a product called flex,
which is this idea that
we give you the framework to build your
own call center application, right?
Now, if you have your
own version of Redux,
now we've got to manage two versions
of Redux state we might consider,
we use Redux now, but we might consider
switching to the Context API, because it's
just one less dependency that we have to
manage for something we distribute, right?
But there's a lot of things that come for
free in Redux that you would have to
implement yourself like we will implement
a very naive version of middleware in
a little bit, but like you just
get apply middleware from Redux.
React Redux does a lot of performance
optimizations that you could do.
Right, using the Context API.
But are kind of the ones that come in
React Redux are obviously battle tested
and stuff along those lines.
So there is usually a super set of
features beyond what you get out of React.
But if you don't need them,
right before the bar before you need it,
like basically if you needed any of it,
you needed all of it.
Now there's a lot more you can do in
React before you need any of it right.
And some cases like you might have,
we'll see cases where we use a reducer
pattern for very simple things that might
will definitely not have
justified Redux overall.
And you might still use those kind of in
that unique component state where you
might use Redux for
an overall application.
So it's more of a yes end thing.
For most of the simple cases,
you now have it built into the framework.
You don't need to necessarily
deal with that extra dependency.
But if you need all of
the extra functionality and
features of these more robust solutions,
they are still available for you.
So I don't think that either one
obviates the need for the other.
>> Can you have both though?
Can you use both?
>> We use both, we use both.
We'll use both Redux and the Context API
in different places, right?
There are things like
ephemeral state that I need to
share across multiple components.
I don't wanna put it in the Redux store.
Because we use that for our model data,
but a bunch of components need
the same ephemeral state,
we might spin up a context for
that small part of the tree that needs it.
While the overall data's being managed by
Redux like smaller kind of pieces might
use a reducer, or might use a context API.
So we absolutely use both.